README.md, before:

**<h1>Detective Kedi</h1>**
![mockup for desktop home page](./assets/images/project_design/mockup.png)

Detective Kedi is a smple application that can read information about you from you computer and come up with your profile

Visit our [website](https://kedi1991.github.io/project-flight-sim/) and play!!!!
<h2>1. Purpose of the project</h2>

The purpose of this project is to profile a user by reading valuable information from their computer to give authorities heads-up information about a person.

<h2>2. User stories</h2>

- The program is small and uses minimal resources
- The program runs on all all browsers
- The program has read only access to files on the PC


<h2>3. Features</h2>

- Big black Display screen
- keyboard controls for desktop view and Mobile controls for the mobile view
- Display instruments (speed, time, altitude, distance, and rotation)
- Clear dashboard with instrumentation
project_design/image_landing.png)

<h2>4. Future features</h2>

- Incorporating AI libraries to improve data processing and accuracy of results
- Add ability to read cloud data as well


<h2>6. Wireframes</h2>

Wireframes were designed using Ms paint on windows 10 as shown below

**Desktop/ tablet/ mobile page**

a) Home page

![wireframe for desktop home page](./assets/images/project_design/wireframe_desktop_mobile.png)
![wireframe for desktop home page](./assets/images/project_design/wireframe_desktop.png)

b) failure/ pass message
![wireframe for desktop home page](./assets/images/project_design/wireframe_desktop_mobile_message.png)


**MOBILE PAGES**

a) game play with controls

![wireframe for mobile home page](./assets/images/project_design/wireframe_mobile.png)

<h2>7. Technology</h2>

- The site is built on HTML, CSS, JS, and Python.

<h2>8. Testing</h2>

All html elements where tested for intended functionality, all links where tested and the screen responsiveness was verified on mobile, tablet, and desktp screen resolutions.

<h3>8.1 code validation</h3>

The overall quality of the html, css, and JS code was checked using the [html validator](https://validator.w3.org/), [jigsaw](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator/), and [PiliApp](https://www.piliapp.com/javascript-validator/) online tools respectively.

<h3> 8.2 fixed bugs</h3>

No errors found on html and JS code

![html warnings on validator](./assets/images/tests/test_flight.png)

<h3>8.3 supported screens and browsers</h3>
 
The site was tested on the browsers listed below

| S/N | Browser         | Version        | Platform       | Screen sizes (mobile, tablet, desktop) |
|-----|-----------------|----------------|----------------|----------------------------------------|
| 1   | Mozilla firefox | 105.0.1        | Windows 10 x64 | Passed all                             |
| 2   | Google Chrome   | 105.0.5195.127 | Windows 10 x64 | Passed all                             |
| 3   | Google Chrome   | 105.0.5195.136 | Android 10     | Passed mobile view                     |

<br>


<h2>9. Forking and Deployment</h2>

<h3>9.1 Forking the project</h3>
This will make a copy of the project on your github repository.

1. Log into GitHub and locate your repository.
2. On the top left corner, search for "kedi1991/project-flight-sim" and select it from the results.
3. On the right hand side of the page select  **fork** to create and copy of the original under your repository

<h3>9.2 Via gitpod</h3>

To deploy the project using gitpod, run the command `add .` followed by `git commit -m "descripton of code changes to push"` 
Finally, run `git push` to push the changes to yout github repository.

<h3>9.3 Via github pages</h3>

1. While on the project root folder, go to **settings** .
2. Navigate to the **pages** tab on the left navigation panel.
3. Go to **Build and deployment** > **Branch**. Select **main** then click **save**.
4. At the top just below the **GitHub Pages** heading, you will be notified of successful deployment as shown in the image. This may take about 60 seconds to reflect. Incase It takes longer, try refreshing the page.

<h2>10. Known bugs</h2>
1. Control using the long press on the mobile device controls does not produce the desired effect as that on the keyboard on desktop. This makes the reaction time of the craft so slow.

<h2>11. credits</h2>

**Thanks to:**
- CI personal mentor - Harry Dhillon for professional guidance
- The CI jul-2022-5p class and tutors

Commit message:

Add more details to the README file

README.md, after:

**<h1>Detective Kedi</h1>**
![mockup for desktop home page](./assets/images/project_design/mockup.png)

Detective Kedi is a smple application that can read information about you from you computer and come up with your profile

Visit our [website](https://kedi1991.github.io/project-flight-sim/) and play!!!!
<h2>1. Purpose of the project</h2>

The purpose of this project is to profile a user by reading valuable information from their computer to give authorities heads-up information about a person.

<h2>2. User stories</h2>

- The program is small and uses minimal resources
- The program runs on all all browsers
- The program has read only access to files on the PC


<h2>3. Features</h2>

- The program browses all files in the user's computer
-STEPS:
- check the core folders in the PC - Desktop, Documents, Downloads
- searc for specific file names (passport, CV, job applications,)
- group the file names in a list (contacts/family; work-job, title; personal details - name,age,sex, location)


<h2>4. Future features</h2>

- Incorporating AI libraries to improve data processing and accuracy of results
- Add ability to read cloud data as well


<h2>6. Wireframes</h2>

Wireframes were designed using Ms paint on windows 10 as shown below

**Desktop/ tablet/ mobile page**

a) Home page

![wireframe for desktop home page](./assets/images/project_design/wireframe_desktop_mobile.png)
![wireframe for desktop home page](./assets/images/project_design/wireframe_desktop.png)

b) failure/ pass message
![wireframe for desktop home page](./assets/images/project_design/wireframe_desktop_mobile_message.png)


**MOBILE PAGES**

a) game play with controls

![wireframe for mobile home page](./assets/images/project_design/wireframe_mobile.png)

<h2>7. Technology</h2>

- The site is built on HTML, CSS, JS, and Python.

<h2>8. Testing</h2>

All html elements where tested for intended functionality, all links where tested and the screen responsiveness was verified on mobile, tablet, and desktp screen resolutions.

<h3>8.1 code validation</h3>

The overall quality of the html, css, and JS code was checked using the [html validator](https://validator.w3.org/), [jigsaw](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator/), and [PiliApp](https://www.piliapp.com/javascript-validator/) online tools respectively.

<h3> 8.2 fixed bugs</h3>

No errors found on html and JS code

![html warnings on validator](./assets/images/tests/test_flight.png)

<h3>8.3 supported screens and browsers</h3>
 
The site was tested on the browsers listed below

| S/N | Browser         | Version        | Platform       | Screen sizes (mobile, tablet, desktop) |
|-----|-----------------|----------------|----------------|----------------------------------------|
| 1   | Mozilla firefox | 105.0.1        | Windows 10 x64 | Passed all                             |
| 2   | Google Chrome   | 105.0.5195.127 | Windows 10 x64 | Passed all                             |
| 3   | Google Chrome   | 105.0.5195.136 | Android 10     | Passed mobile view                     |

<br>


<h2>9. Forking and Deployment</h2>

<h3>9.1 Forking the project</h3>
This will make a copy of the project on your github repository.

1. Log into GitHub and locate your repository.
2. On the top left corner, search for "kedi1991/project-flight-sim" and select it from the results.
3. On the right hand side of the page select  **fork** to create and copy of the original under your repository

<h3>9.2 Via gitpod</h3>

To deploy the project using gitpod, run the command `add .` followed by `git commit -m "descripton of code changes to push"` 
Finally, run `git push` to push the changes to yout github repository.

<h3>9.3 Via github pages</h3>

1. While on the project root folder, go to **settings** .
2. Navigate to the **pages** tab on the left navigation panel.
3. Go to **Build and deployment** > **Branch**. Select **main** then click **save**.
4. At the top just below the **GitHub Pages** heading, you will be notified of successful deployment as shown in the image. This may take about 60 seconds to reflect. Incase It takes longer, try refreshing the page.

<h2>10. Known bugs</h2>
1. Control using the long press on the mobile device controls does not produce the desired effect as that on the keyboard on desktop. This makes the reaction time of the craft so slow.

<h2>11. credits</h2>

**Thanks to:**
- CI personal mentor - Harry Dhillon for professional guidance
- The CI jul-2022-5p class and tutors
